{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\vieww9600\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Developed By:
\b0 \
	Todd Houle\
	Partners Healthcare\
	Boston, MA\
	June, 2014\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720

\b \cf0 About:
\b0 \
	This application is designed to be used by technicians or system admins with multiple JSS servers.  Generally, that is for testing purposes on test machines.  \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720

\b \cf0 Configuration:
\b0 \
	On each of your JSS computers, create an enrollment invitation which doesn't expire too soon (you'll need to update preferences in this app when it does).  It should also be allowed for multiple uses.  Once created, click on it in the JSS and retrieve the Invitation ID.   \
\
	In the preferences window, enter the JSS URL and the Invitation ID for each of your JSS servers.  \
\

\b Using:
\b0 \
	Once configured, open the application and choose which JSS you would like the computer enrolled in.  If you are running different versions of the JSS, you might want to swap to the new JSS using this program, then manually re-enroll the computer.  That will download the correct version of the jamf binary program onto the machine.  This application will back it up and swap to using it when you switch back to that server.  \
}